Update container handling with charliecloud (#5300)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/config.md

### Scope `charliecloud`

The `charliecloud` scope controls how [Charliecloud](https://hpc.github.io/charliecloud/) containers are executed by Nextflow.

The following settings are available:

`charliecloud.enabled`
: Enable Charliecloud execution (default: `false`).

`charliecloud.writeFake`

> : Enable `writeFake` with charliecloud (default: `true`) This allows to run containers from storage in writeable mode, using overlayfs. `writeFake` requires `overlayfs` (Linux kernel >= 5.11). For full suppornt tempfs with xattrs in the user namespace (Linux kernel >= 6.6) is required , see [charliecloud documentation](https://hpc.github.io/charliecloud/ch-run.html#ch-run-overlay) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enable `writeFake` with charliecloud (default: `true`) This allows to run containers from storage in writeable mode, using overlayfs. `writeFake` requires unprivileged `overlayfs` (Linux kernel >= 5.11). For full support, tempfs with xattrs in the user namespace (Linux kernel >= 6.6) is required, see [charliecloud documentation](https://hpc.github.io/charliecloud/ch-run.html#ch-run-overlay) for details.
```

Author: I have pushed this in a new commit, I cant sign-off correctly via github.
